Under the seven stars shining in the sky.
a dreadful assassination art
lay hidden for 1.800 long years
in the darkness of history.
Living in history's shadows.
concealed in history's darkness.
it's an art that moved through the ages.
And its name is...
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
MEN WHO SAW HER TEARS
Hmph. why am I all the way out here
standing watch over the village?
Hm?
Huh?
Y... You bastard!
That hurts!
Where's your main camp?
Owwww!
Tell me or I'll kill you.
They're on the other side of that rock!
Oh. really?
Don't move from this spot.
I hit Shinfukumen.
one of your Channeling Points.
And I'm taking this back.
Another thing.
Move a single step.
and it's "boom."
Cut the bullshit!
I'll kill y--
That traitor.
Showing his damn face around here.
I'll kill him--
What's going on here?
You waltzed in here willingly?
I've never met a bigger idiot than you!
People like you
are just useless garbage
before my Nanto Suichoken.
That guy only acts for his own benefit.
Why is he here?
We. the Fang Clan.
aren't just any old gang.
Wolves hunt their prey in packs.
Even the mightiest enemy
stands no chance against a pack of wolves!
Watch!
This is a mass-killing art from
the Chinese martial art. Xiang Xing Quan!
Kazan Gunroken!
Stop yelling and come at me.
What did you say?!
You're a fool.
You're strong. I'll admit that.
But that strength
made you reckless enough
to just show up here!
You idiot!
Even if a thousand weaklings come at me.
I can't be beat.
What did you say?!
Get off your high horse!
This martial art's unbeatable.
mastered only by the Fang Clan.
You sure talk a lot. wolf.
What?
Y... You're...
When did you get here?
If you came here to help me.
I don't need it.
That's not why I'm here.
Huh?
But why are you here?
What?
Probably the same reason as you.
Whaat?
Looks like we're both powerless
against a woman's tears.
What the hell?
Why are you acting so calm?
You're about to get killed. you know?
Do you want to die that badly?
Show 'em the true terror of our Gunroken!
Stupid!
Now's our chance!
That kind of child's play
won't work on me.
Your martial art is all smoke and mirrors.
no matter who you face.
In that case. we'll go high and low!
You're the last one left.
What will you do?
Fools.
I'm not the last of the Fang Clan. got it?
Those are your last words?
Thousand Hand Destruction Fist!
Huh? I don't feel anything.
Even so.
you only have five seconds left to live.
N... No. I don't want to
die in five seconds!
Then just die now.
I'm shocked to find a Hokuto Shinken user
in a place like this.
Nanto attacks the surface.
This Yang martial art
branched out into various schools.
passing down to the outside world.
But Hokuto. passed from master
to a single disciple. has just one school.
I guess that was
how Nanto and Hokuto were fated to be.
Want some?
Let me ask one thing.
Why are you looking for
the man with seven scars?
Do you know what this is?
No.
This was once a pure-white bridal veil.
The blood of the men I've defeated
has completely soiled it.
Do you know who this belonged to?
This was...
my little sister's.
My little sister Airi
was supposed to wear this at her wedding.
But times have changed.
The better the woman.
the higher the price.
In my absence. they raided
my village and murdered my parents.
And they abducted Airi.
who had finally found happiness!
I don't know this man's face.
But with my father's last breath.
he mentioned
"the man with seven scars on his chest."
I'll find that man and kill him.
I won't stop fighting until then.
even if this veil is drenched with blood.
At this point.
it may be natural to think Airi is dead.
But I can't accept that.
I can see it.
Airi's crying face.
I can still hear her voice
calling out to me.
Rei.
What if...
What if I have
seven scars on my chest too?
What then?
What?
There are seven scars on your chest?
That joke was terrible.
I've lived my life surrounded by villains.
The look in their eyes
tells me who they are.
Ken!
And your companions...
There's no better judge of character
than a child's pure eyes.
Farewell. Koh.
Farewell...
This is Koh's.
You defeated them?
I didn't need to.
He did it.
It was Rei?
Stay sharp.
The Fang Clan's
more organized than I thought.
I know.
I won't let Koh's death be in vain.
I'll make sure of that.
Yet another villager's precious blood
has been spilled here.
But we must do whatever it takes
to protect this village.
For this village.
and for all the people who've died!
Why is Mamiya the head of this village?
She's a woman.
Hm?
You see. this village
was built by Mamiya's parents.
They dug up springs
and plowed the wasteland
for a village with a future.
striving tirelessly
for a village blooming with flowers.
They even sacrificed their own lives
to protect the village from bandits.
To Mamiya. everything in this village
brings her the same warmth
as that of her parents'.
Come. everyone!
Prepare to fight!
Boss!
My children...
How could they?
They did this to my sweet children...
What will happen to us. dear?
Dad...
We brought you here to be our slaves.
but now you can die
and join my poor children.
What did you say?!
I won't let my clan feel lonely in heaven.
You will follow them in death
and serve them in the afterlife.
You gotta be kidding!
For evil bastards like you?
Watch your mouth!
Dear!
- Dad!
Kill them.
I can't hold it in.
The rage of having
my own family slaughtered...
I won't rest until they feel it too!
Find them!
Those two bodyguards
are sure to have family.
It'll be easy with our teamwork and intel.
We'll get revenge
for our fallen clan members!
Mamiya.
- Hm?
When you fight.
you don't look very happy.
You think so?
Mamiya. do you have anyone
you love and cherish?
I don't.
I've gotten rid of those feelings.
You're not gonna fight.
Why?
You're a woman.
A woman?
I stopped being a woman long ago.
The person you see here isn't a woman.
I'm just the warrior Mamiya.
here to protect the village.
Only a woman
would need to hide her chest.
Listen to me.
A woman need only worry about
her own happiness.
This suits you more than
being armed for battle.
This veil belonged to Airi.
When I get back.
I'll give you a pure-white veil.
Seems like he sees
his little sister in you.
His little sister...
The Hokuto man has no family.
But the Nanto man has a little sister.
I see.
Is she your little sister?
Yeah.
Here.
Thank you!
Wow. it's chocolate.
Let's split it.
Oops...
Good.
It's so tasty.
Let's go. Rei.
You're coming?
It'll go faster with two people.
And the Fang Clan
aren't like other bandits.
Who knows what they have
up their sleeves.
I'm going too.
Think what you want.
but I'm still the village head.
It's my duty to see this through.
And how do I know you won't run away?
I'm coming too.
You'll die.
I don't care.
What's this?
Who's this old man?
I've heard Airi is under your care.
Just hand her over quietly
to the Fang Clan.
Airi. huh?
Look around you
before you bark orders. old man.
You're the one who should look around
before opening your mouth.
What?
Y... You're insane!
We paid a month's worth of rations
for her. She cost a fortune!
I can't hand her over that easily!
I'm gonna crush that thick skull of yours!
Burn in hell. old man!
Is that all you've got?
Impossible...
It's my turn now.
Born from the Chinese martial art
Da Lei Tai.
my Kazan Kakuteigi has trained my skull.
Seems like you like it.
Weakling.
Boss. we found her!
Oh? Let's take a look.
Oh. she's a pretty one.
This place gives me the creeps.
We're pretty deep in.
This is their territory. right?
We need to stay alert.
But how did he fall asleep
in a place like this?
He's a special one.
What the...
They're here.
They're finally on the move.
Airi!
SUBTITLE TRANSLATION BY CHUL KIM
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-